Fixed the issue of resolve path error in Install-AzAksCliTool (#23443)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Aks/Aks/ChangeLog.md

-->
## Upcoming Release
* Removed parameter `DockerBridgeCidr` from `New-AzAksCluster`

> * Fixed the issue of resolve path error in `Install-AzAksCliTool`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the resolve path issue in `Install-AzAksCliTool`. [#22853]
```
